README.md, before:

<!-- Banner -->
<p align="center">
  
  <img width="1130" height="412" alt="Screenshot 2025-12-25 at 4 38 13 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/137db990-df0b-4e0b-ad3a-a9298dbc3d45" />

</p>
<h1 align="center">Hi, I'm Sourav Kumar 👋</h1>

<p align="center">
  🚀 Frontend Developer | React.js | JavaScript | MERN <br/>
  Building scalable & high-performance web applications
</p>

---

## 👨‍💻 About Me

I'm a **Frontend Developer** with **3+ years of experience** building modern, scalable, and performance-focused web applications using **React.js** and **JavaScript**.

I enjoy turning complex problems into clean, intuitive user experiences, with a strong focus on:
- Performance optimization
- Accessibility
- Maintainable UI architecture

Currently working at **AIMLEAP** and learning in public 🚀

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

**Frontend**
- React.js
- JavaScript (ES6+)
- TypeScript
- HTML5, CSS3

**Backend**
- Node.js
- Express.js
- MongoDB

**Tools & Others**
- Git & GitHub
- REST APIs
- ServiceNow
- Postman

---

## 🏆 Achievements

- 🥇 **Winner – ServiceNow GenAI Hackathon**
- 📜 Completed **Advanced React & JavaScript** training from Scrimba
- ✅ ServiceNow **CSA & CIS Certified**

---

## 🎯 Currently Focused On (2026 Goals)

- Advanced React & performance optimization
- Accessibility & system-level UI architecture
- Expanding into **Backend & Full-Stack development**
- Open-source contributions & learning in public

---

## 🔗 Let’s Connect

- 🌐 Portfolio: https://souravkumarofc.netlify.app  
- 💼 LinkedIn: https://linkedin.com/in/sourvkumar  
- 🐦 Twitter/X: https://x.com/Sour_Kr  
- 🔗 All links: https://linktr.ee/sour_kr  

---

⭐ If you like my work, consider starring my repositories!

Commit message:

Refine README description for web applications
Enhanced the description of web application development focus.

README.md, after:

<!-- Banner -->
<p align="center">
  
  <img width="1130" height="412" alt="Screenshot 2025-12-25 at 4 38 13 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/137db990-df0b-4e0b-ad3a-a9298dbc3d45" />

</p>
<h1 align="center">Hi, I'm Sourav Kumar 👋</h1>

<p align="center">
  🚀 Frontend Developer | React.js | JavaScript | MERN <br/>
  Building scalable, high-performance web applications with a strong focus on UX and performance.
</p>

---

## 👨‍💻 About Me

I'm a **Frontend Developer** with **3+ years of experience** building modern, scalable, and performance-focused web applications using **React.js** and **JavaScript**.

I enjoy turning complex problems into clean, intuitive user experiences, with a strong focus on:
- Performance optimization
- Accessibility
- Maintainable UI architecture

Currently working at **AIMLEAP** and learning in public 🚀

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack
### Frontend
- React.js
- JavaScript (ES6+)
- TypeScript
- HTML5, CSS3

**Backend**
- Node.js
- Express.js
- MongoDB

**Tools & Others**
- Git & GitHub
- REST APIs
- ServiceNow
- Postman

---

## 🏆 Achievements

- 🥇 **Winner – ServiceNow GenAI Hackathon**
- 📜 Completed **Advanced React & JavaScript** training from Scrimba
- ✅ ServiceNow **CSA & CIS Certified**

---

## 🎯 Currently Focused On (2026 Goals)

- Advanced React & performance optimization
- Accessibility & system-level UI architecture
- Expanding into **Backend & Full-Stack development**
- Open-source contributions & learning in public

---

## 🔗 Let’s Connect

- 🌐 Portfolio: https://souravkumarofc.netlify.app  
- 💼 LinkedIn: https://linkedin.com/in/sourvkumar  
- 🐦 Twitter/X: https://x.com/Sour_Kr  
- 🔗 All links: https://linktr.ee/sour_kr  

---

⭐ If you like my work, consider starring my repositories!
